[Security Solution] [AI assistant] Docs for AI assistant esql generation with self healing (#6934)
elastic/security-docs: docs/AI-for-security/ai-security-assistant.asciidoc

Elastic AI Assistant allows you to take full advantage of the {elastic-sec} platform to improve your security operations. It can help you write an {esql} query for a particular use case, or answer general questions about how to use the platform. Its ability to assist you depends on the specificity and detail of your questions. The more context and detail you provide, the more tailored and useful its responses will be. 

> NOTE: The agent has access to index names and field metadata from your cluster. This contextual information helps improve ES|QL generation, though it may slightly increase response times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: AI Assistant has access to index names and field metadata from your cluster. This contextual information helps improve {{esql}} generation, however it may slightly increase response times.
```

How would the user control whether this metadata is included?

Author: They can't control this currently. I will speak with the team to see what they think about giving the user control over this.

> NOTE: AI Assistant has access to index names and field metadata from your cluster. This contextual information helps improve {{esql}} generation, however it may slightly increase response times.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: AI Assistant has access to index names and field metadata from your cluster. This contextual information helps improve {{esql}} generation, however it may slightly increase response times compared to previous Kibana versions.
```
